Dr. Belis Aladag: We talking to trend Thomas
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cures report shows know unusual activity last was given buprenorphine tablets.
Dr. Belis Aladag: To a day by a Dr. Johnson and to 26
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello Trent
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think your audio.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hi, Trent. This is Dr. Alan DAG.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Doing good, how are you
You're
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, welcome. I see. I think you've been a patient of ours or you were for a bit and then you weren't following through on the groups and stuff, or what happened.
Trent Thomas: Yeah, that's pretty much what happened.
Trent Thomas: Yeah, it was.
Trent Thomas: For a little bit
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. What was going on that you couldn't make it.
Trent Thomas: My internet and just, I don't know, I just wasn't to up to date and every time.
Trent Thomas: I know the doctor I had every time I called it, he sent the wrong prescription and I never even got a prescription. So I just kind of gave up.
Oh, man.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That doesn't sound good. So let's start with that. What are you supposed to be on what what what are you ideally on
Trent Thomas: I'm not on anything right now but
Trent Thomas: I just had a problem with my insurance approving a certain like tablet or film. So it was like always really a hassle to get it, but I was taking the
Trent Thomas: Beauty buprenorphine like 16 milligrams
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. So you were taking two of the eight milligrams, or you trying to get the tablets or the film. Do you remember which one I have
Trent Thomas: With or what my ensure the tablets or what my insurance approve the film, they don't
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so let's just not even play around with that and go with the tablet.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Pretty much. Okay. And then you do two a day do you split it up like one in the morning one later.
Trent Thomas: Oh yeah, that's what I did. Yeah.
Trent Thomas: In the morning or at night.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You sound a little sniffly, are you in withdrawal right now.
Trent Thomas: A little bit.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. So, when was the last time you used
Trent Thomas: Sunday, Sunday. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and how much have you been using lately.
Dr. Belis Aladag: What are you using
Trent Thomas: oxy or sometimes fentanyl what
Trent Thomas: Like two to 300 milligrams a day.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And are you snorting in are you smoking it. What are you doing,
Trent Thomas: I'm snorting
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And the last time you have some was Sunday. Okay, so you should be quite ready to start your Suboxone
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Do you live by yourself, or are you with other people.
Trent Thomas: And with other people right now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you crashing and friends or will well my
Trent Thomas: My parents house right now. I just moved back in actually
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so are they being supportive
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. Okay, that's good. I mean, it's such a crazy time in the world. It's actually kind of nice to have parents that are supporting you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: stir crazy as you can get, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm under the circumstances. Okay, so, and then in terms of where we can send you this medication is your pharmacy. The Rite Aid on fulsome
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, cool. Um, so I can prescribe that right away so you can get started. Okay, so you can do
Dr. Belis Aladag: You feel better, you're not having these symptoms, you know,
Trent Thomas: Yeah, appreciate it.
Absolutely.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's just going to help you feel a lot better and more stable. And then, and then it's up to you to, you know, you know the drill. It's up to you to take it all the time and take it you know responsibly and then not not engage in the other things that you know other people, other things.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Whatever it is them that way.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you know kind of what your triggers are what
Trent Thomas: Yeah, definitely.
Trent Thomas: Yeah yeah I
Trent Thomas: Figured all that out. That's what I've been doing the past couple months and I know what I need to stay away from and what triggers me and stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Can you give me an example of something that
Trent Thomas: Certain people or
Trent Thomas: Certain friends are wrong environment around location or
Trent Thomas: Have a craving to make a call that I should
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, so getting rid of phone numbers, making it harder for yourself to get reconnected
Trent Thomas: I mean,
Dr. Belis Aladag: We live in a world where it's easy, you just can figure out a way to get connected if you really have a mind for it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But
Dr. Belis Aladag: If you can make it harder for yourself. This continue things change your number block things, whatever. Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, okay. So, all right, so we can do that. Do you have any allergies to immense
Amount.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Of that and then I'll give you this. I'll also order Narcan. Okay. Hopefully you never have to use it. But now that you're living with your parents, it might be good for them to feel secure. Like, okay, look, if anything happens
Trent Thomas: Or be cool to hope.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right, yeah. And it doesn't hurt.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You to. I mean, it puts you in withdrawal. So, it hurts you. That way, but it brings you back to life. Right. So it's, there's an overdose situation they can't get through to you they don't know what's going on with you, they should spray it in your nose and call 911
Dr. Belis Aladag: Remember it's temporary. So if you use it on. You can also use it on somebody. If you happen to see somebody
Dr. Belis Aladag: passes out, but you should always call 911 because it, you still need monitoring because you can reverse back into your overdose. OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK. So I'm going to give an hour can. I'm going to give you the tablets.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Can I set you up for a 4pm group on Fridays with me.
Trent Thomas: I'm sure
Trent Thomas: Yeah. Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: If it's a 4pm group on Friday. Just try to log in at 330
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you just go to the virtual clinic at 330 and you say, hey, I've group with Allah DAG at four, what do I need to do. And they'll give you your survey or whatever. And then if you have to do a urine test like so the urine tests. Have you done that yet.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you know how to do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that's pretty much it. Let's get you back on track. I mean, I can tell you don't feel good. So I don't want to like extend your misery here.
Trent Thomas: Oh, you're fine.
Trent Thomas: Thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're welcome. Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's see.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So let me
Dr. Belis Aladag: Get this going for you.
Can
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, do you have any other medications that you take normally or other medical conditions, I need to know about.
Trent Thomas: Now, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, do the tablets. Since we know it's covered. We're not gonna have to deal with.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Insurance mumbo jumbo. It's so weird. Some the insurances they don't do anything besides film. It's so weird, you know,
Trent Thomas: I don't get it.
Trent Thomas: Always something
Dr. Belis Aladag: There's always something, it's, it's something to do with money, you know, whatever deal, somebody made as all
Dr. Belis Aladag: Ice daily okay you take that regularly and
Dr. Belis Aladag: So let's see.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So this Friday is today's what Wednesday. Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, can we get you in this Friday. Would you be able to make it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah okay let's start just to get you started, get you in the groove and then see how it goes. Okay.
Trent Thomas: All right, good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so three
Dr. Belis Aladag: So let's do six to get you started. And then let's get you committed and doing this as a routine you're with your parents. It's a lockdown situations. So really no excuses. Like, honestly, it's kind of a good thing in a weird way for you because you're like less distractions. Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean, you're going to show up.
Trent Thomas: Know be there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Make sure your internet, do you think your internet situations. OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Ok ok ok now I'm just ordering it
Dr. Belis Aladag: There we go. The code.
Dr. Belis Aladag: For
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. When were you doing any. Did you ever established here with a therapist with us yet or no.
Trent Thomas: I don't think so.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No. Okay.
Trent Thomas: Go to the pharmacy to just make sure they can feel it. But I don't know what the hell it was, but it was literally like
Trent Thomas: At first I was getting the buprenorphine just the buprenorphine. No, no locks on with it. And that's what they were approving and like it was fine and then it was just always a hassle to get something with the no oxygen. But I'm hoping it'll be
Trent Thomas: Fine, or whatever. I don't know. I'm gonna go try it out.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you call yeah call them. And then if I'm just stay at the pharmacy if they're like, oh, there's a problem, whatever, whatever the problem. Stay there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Call the virtual clinic and say you need to speak with Danielle Danielle right is her name. Danielle.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is our liaison between us and pharmacy. So she should be able to talk to the pharmacist and figure out what the problem is, exactly, and communicated to me immediately. So we can get it to a while you're still there, so we can get you the ready
Trent Thomas: To go figure it out. Once we hang up.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, let's do that asap because you need it. Let's get it started. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I just sent it in. You do that, I'll see you in a couple of days on Friday at 330 login
Dr. Belis Aladag: And otherwise we'll talk more when you're feeling a little bit better. Maybe I think I have, I have a good amount of information here. You don't have any surgeries any surgical history.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, okay, and no other problems. He said, really. Right. Okay. Okay. Trent. I hope you feel better soon go to the pharmacy figure this out. And then if there's any problem will communicate, real quick, real time and then get you sorted out. Okay.
Trent Thomas: All right. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hey,
See, all right.